src/md/hotline.md, before:

# NCH Community Hotline

Your neighbors are there for you! The NCH community hotline is a telephone number for requesting assistance with whatever needs or questions you may have. Any resident of North Crown Hill may call and leave a message at any time. When you call, you will hear:

> You've reached the North Crown Hill community hotline. If you have an emergency, please hang up and dial 911 instead. Otherwise, please leave a message after the beep describing your need or question. Include your first name, street address, and how you'd like to be contacted. Your message will be sent to neighborhood volunteers who will do their best to follow up with you. Here comes the beep.

After you hang up (or press any key), your voicemail and telephone number will pop up in the neighborhood chat hub where screened volunteers will field your request and reach out to you according to your specified preference.

Need the number? [Just ask for it!](mailto:north.crown.hill@gmail.com) The number is not public, to minimize any spam.

Remember, your neighbors are kind but ametuer helpers. This number is not staffed around-the-clock, and all responses are on a "best effort" basis.
In addition to 911, here are some other helpful numbers you might consider if you are facing a dangerous situation:
* [Seattle Police Non-Emergency](https://www.seattle.gov/police): [206-625-5011](tel:206-625-5011)
* [Washington Poison Center](https://www.wapc.org/): [800-222-1222](tel:800-222-1222)
* [WA Drinking Water Emergency Hotline](https://www.doh.wa.gov/CommunityandEnvironment/DrinkingWater/OfficesandStaff/AfterHoursEmergencyHotline): [877-481-4901](tel:877-481-4901)
* [Sexual Assault Hotline](https://www.rainn.org/about-national-sexual-assault-telephone-hotline): [800-656-4673](tel:800-656-4673)
* [Domestic Violence Hotline](https://www.thehotline.org/): [800-799-7233](tel:800-799-7233)
* [King County Crisis Clinic](https://www.crisisconnections.org/): [866-427-4747](tel:866-427-4747)
* [National Suicide Prevention Lifeline](https://suicidepreventionlifeline.org/): [800-273-8255](tel:800-273-8255)
* [Substance Abuse & Mental Health Hotline](https://www.samhsa.gov/find-help/national-helpline): [800-662-4357](tel:800-662-4357)
* [Trans Lifeline](https://www.translifeline.org/): [877-565-8860](tel:877-565-8860)

Commit message:

add TODO for volunteer signup

src/md/hotline.md, after:

# NCH Community Hotline

Your neighbors are there for you! The NCH community hotline is a telephone number for requesting assistance with whatever needs or questions you may have. Any resident of North Crown Hill may call and leave a message at any time. When you call, you will hear:

> You've reached the North Crown Hill community hotline. If you have an emergency, please hang up and dial 911 instead. Otherwise, please leave a message after the beep describing your need or question. Include your first name, street address, and how you'd like to be contacted. Your message will be sent to neighborhood volunteers who will do their best to follow up with you. Here comes the beep.

After you hang up (or press any key), your voicemail and telephone number will pop up in the neighborhood chat hub where screened volunteers will field your request and reach out to you according to your specified preference.

Need the number? [Just ask for it!](mailto:north.crown.hill@gmail.com) The number is not public, to minimize any spam.

(TODO: Add neighbor support team signup link with Code of Conduct)

Remember, your neighbors are kind but ametuer helpers. This number is not staffed around-the-clock, and all responses are on a "best effort" basis.
In addition to 911, here are some other helpful numbers you might consider if you are facing a dangerous situation:
* [Seattle Police Non-Emergency](https://www.seattle.gov/police): [206-625-5011](tel:206-625-5011)
* [Washington Poison Center](https://www.wapc.org/): [800-222-1222](tel:800-222-1222)
* [WA Drinking Water Emergency Hotline](https://www.doh.wa.gov/CommunityandEnvironment/DrinkingWater/OfficesandStaff/AfterHoursEmergencyHotline): [877-481-4901](tel:877-481-4901)
* [Sexual Assault Hotline](https://www.rainn.org/about-national-sexual-assault-telephone-hotline): [800-656-4673](tel:800-656-4673)
* [Domestic Violence Hotline](https://www.thehotline.org/): [800-799-7233](tel:800-799-7233)
* [King County Crisis Clinic](https://www.crisisconnections.org/): [866-427-4747](tel:866-427-4747)
* [National Suicide Prevention Lifeline](https://suicidepreventionlifeline.org/): [800-273-8255](tel:800-273-8255)
* [Substance Abuse & Mental Health Hotline](https://www.samhsa.gov/find-help/national-helpline): [800-662-4357](tel:800-662-4357)
* [Trans Lifeline](https://www.translifeline.org/): [877-565-8860](tel:877-565-8860)
